[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: So
let's talk about solution for Exercise 2.
We have the a1 and the a2 arrays.
If we wanna pass those in,
we can just spread out a1 and a2.
And then we have the foo function,
which we want to define.
We want it to return something, but
we're gonna declare the parameters in
such a way that it does the work for us.
So we basically want to account for,
we wanna keep the first one, but
then we've got two that we don't.
We don't care about the value,
4, or the value, 6.
So essentially, those are ones
that we're gonna throw away.
So we can name them y and z, or
we could name them something else that
indicates that we're going to ignore them,
right?
We could call them ignored one and
ignored two if we wanted to.
But then everything else we do care about.
So we can say ...rest, or args,
or whatever you wanna call it.
So now we have an x value,
and we have the rest value.
And we wanna put those two together.
So we can say return, make ourselves an
array that includes x and everything else.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now the foo name here
can throw people off because what would
foo be?
You'd give foo some sort
of a name that made sense.
For example, if the whole purpose of this
function is to ignore the second and
third arguments, then you might call this
thing ignore23 or something like that.
You'd give it some sort of reasonable
name that described what it was doing.
And now this would be a utility.
And ostensibly, this would be something
that you were doing on a regular basis.
So now you can use this facility
to pass in a set of values.
And have it ignore just the 2 and
the 3 and keep everything else, right?
So don't get too tripped up when
you see tricks like this, and
you see me only using foo and bar.
Think about it in terms of how would I
use that kind of facility in my own code?
What would I call that utility,
that sort of thing?